Hey, this is a solution to exercise 87 and you were asked to add the missing items of this list to this
file.
And actually I wanted you to create a new file, but if you added the items to the existing file that is
fine as well.
So the new file
I created was this on here.
So from 201 countries I came up with 204 countries.
So three more. This is the solution.
What I did to this list first I added to each item I added this backslash character so that I had
them ready to insert to the text file.
So now we have Portugal backslash n, Germany backslash n, and Spain backslash n, and then I open the countries
missing file, existing file in read mode and I generated the list containing 201 countries as items
in that list. And what I did then
is a simple thing.
I have these two lists, 201 items here and 3 items there and I simply added those two lists.
So when you add up two lists you end up with a list containing the items of all the lists.
And I also sorted out that list because at this point if you print out check list
plus content.
And if you go to the top of the list you'll see that Portugal, Germany, and Spain are added in the beginning
of the list.
But you don't want that.
So that's why I applied a sorted function there which sorts the items in alphabetical order which is
what we want.
So from A to Z.
And then the last thing I did was created a file where I inserted the new list, the updated list.
So I simply iterated through that list and we have those brake lines already there.
So I just wrote each item in there and I ended up with this list. That's the solution.
I hope it was clear, and see you later.